REMAKE OF JAPANESE MOBILE GAME CALLED SUIKA
In the game Fruiter, you are to drop fruits into the playing field. When identical fruits touch they will merge into a larger and a more valuable fruit. Merging 10 fruits (Grape, Blueberry, Kiwi, Pear, Apple, Mango, Orange, Melon, Coconut, Watermelon) in a row to create the end goal of achieving a watermelon, the ultimate fruit. Users will gain a set amount of points for dropping a fruit but will receive another set amount of points for which types of fruits they are able to identically match. Dropping a fruit would be 5 points, matching grapes would be 10 points, matching blueberries would be 15 points, matching kiwis would be 20 points, matching pears would be 25 matching apples would be 30 points, matching mangos would be 35, matching oranges would be 40 points, matching melons would be 45, matching coconuts would be 50 and matching watermelon would be 75 points. But matching watermelons would make them disappear from the box, indicating it as an endless mode type game. Which fruits you drop will be randomized to the first 3 smallest fruits, but grapes will always be dropped first. Once fruit drops to the bottom of the box, it can combine with another fruit through collision to become a larger type of fruit. The objective of the game is to combine a pair of larger and larger fruits until reaching the largest tier at which point the user wins the game. To add more variety to our game, with every 25-50 fruit drops, there will be 2 types of cube (small and large) that are dropped to hinder the user’s gameplay. These cubes can be merged to then also disappear so the user can get back to matching their fruits. Your score will be displayed at the top left corner of the screen as well as your high score. 
Users can decide where in the x-y plane they want to drop the fruit into the box with arrow keys or a/d and pressing the s or down arrow would drop the fruit where they have decided. Users can also decide if they want to reset the game and start anew by clicking the key q. Users can even play the game on fast mode by clicking the key t where they will not be restricted on how fast they want to drop the fruits. 
